The Joe Rogan experience.
We've never been in a time where literally nobody knows I have a string of text
messages from, uh, Alex Jones. Yeah. Like, uh, that will, uh,
change your opinion. If you, if you smoke enough weed and you don't smoke,
will you ever a weed smoke? I smoked a lot of weed for a very long time,
but will you? That's when I discovered Alex Jones, when I was 13,
when I was smoking, we weed listening to him on the GCN network.
But when you got clean, it wasn't weed. That was a problem. It was no,
it was the cocaine and the, the booze and the pills. But weed was always there.
I've never been a cocaine user. I've never used it,
but I do love that buck cherry song. Oh yeah. It's great. It's great.
It almost makes you wanna do cocaine. It's a great drug. I mean,
don't do it if you're problems, but Alex left, I,
I haven't even gotten to them because I got the, the, this is a real,
I changed my phone number. Yeah. Not that long ago. Right.
And I change it every few months now. Yeah. And it doesn't matter.
Do you get random texts from just anybody? Oh yeah. Random. Yeah. Yeah.
But this, this, these are all,
all these are voicemail messages and look at all these videos he sent me to
watch and all these websites he's convinced. Yeah.
That it's a weaponized, uh, virus that leaked from a lab.
Well, there's a lot of people that are saying that in Wuhan,
obviously they have that lab, right? Yes.
Whether it's a bio defense or bioresearch laboratory something,
there something's there something in Wuhan where the disease is. Somebody said,
now this is kind of convincing that maybe there were people set
backdoor selling the animals that they were experimenting on to wet markets.
Like if you are broke and you guard at the Wuhan lab, you're like, Hey,
I'm just selling bats and dogs for extra money.
And he sold maybe of the wrong ones. And now we have this issue. Really?
Where'd you hear that? I mean, that's on the internet show. <laugh> oh, well,
as long as it's on the internet, I mean, it's there, but I mean,
but now every theory has as much weight as any other theory right now,
right now. Yeah. Well,
because legit scientists that are actually like one of the things they found out
is that the origin of the virus in New York city,
it comes directly from Europe. Apparently they can tell that interesting.
Somehow find out no idea,
find out how they can tell do they trace it back to like patient zero with like
the first part? I don't think don't do that. I don't think so.
They do some sort of tracing. Right? Cause that's the new, yeah.
I of Google and apple working together to get tracing software.
See that's that's what scares me. We, we talked about that the other day.
If you have to have everything on your phone,
like showing that you're positive and being, you know,
you have to have a phone everywhere. You don't have a car,
you have to take out your card that you're positive to get into Applebees.
And how are you gonna help me? What's what? How are you going to help me?
Magnis helmet or,
and start with the helmet and then you're gonna take we're.
We're gonna sit down and I'm gonna give you a reading list. Why are you dressed?
Like a mannequin? You are dressed like a J crew mannequin.
You shop at J crews, James, like it's 2003 James. First.
I like those shirts, James.
Yeah, I do too. But looking at you, you can't Tell's James first.
They make nice shirts. Now do you wearing a white beat underneath?
Oh dude. Jesse. What? You're wearing a white Peter underneath.
Like you're in a play from the forties, dude. What the is wrong with you? Look,
dude.
Who wears a white under me? Keeps my torso warm. You've got,
it's not hold on. What's the temperature. It keeps my, it keeps my 78.
It's unbelievable.
Dude. Have you ever worn a color? I'll explain. Have you ever worn a color?
I'll explain besides earth tones. Listen, Brian.
It's 80 degrees out. I know. Unbelievable Joe. Listen, it keeps my lower.
It keeps my lower back. My, my mid body warm. So if I have to generate torque,
gotta throw a kick. Gotta throw. I'm not gonna twist my back. So my back stays.
You should never kick anybody. I saw your kicks. First of all, I wanna say this.
You're welcome.
On what dude. How about this? You welcome. No, for my special coming.
Out, you always, how many wife beaters you own dude.
That's what he wears underneath. He wears underneath.
Dude. My wife won't let me wear tank tops.
You know why? Because your wife is smart and fashionable, but you dude,
you look like he, if you take off that shirt, you have a wife beater on bro.
Yeah. You have an actual wife beater on. You have a real.
Wife beater. My wife. You should talk.
My wife's like you already look like a wife beater. Don't wear one.
<laugh> that's what she said to me. <laugh>.
That's hilarious.
I'm like, that's great. Okay. You do look. You have a very hard look. She said,
you look like a meat head. Yeah. She goes, you know,
wanna like give people that your face. I knew you had a,
you looked your face one time you were interviewing Randy couture and you had a
wider head than Randy. So that's not true. That shows you.
What's weird is that you can always bring, uh,
a conversation around to a man's anatomy. That's what's weird. That's true.
That is what's weird. And now since beginning of anatomy, yeah,
you're getting older. Hey, but why are you? You? But what? But no, it's cool.
So when I saw you, when I, I see old videos of you,
you look healthy and now you don't not look healthy. Yeah. But you look less.
No, right? You look less. Listen. Me,
you look like you're wearing a Brian Callas. So don't ever listen.
No, no, no. Now hold on. Okay. What? Now this is my house. Number one.
You're welcome. Well, now you for Joe Rogan.
Right now. No I, but we're and now we're closer than you. Yes. Yes. We're.
We're we're closer than.
You. That's impossible. So Joe Joe said to me a long time ago,
he probably remember us. He said, he goes, Hey, I go, what? He goes,
this Chris kid, you know, <laugh> that sounds like,
and I said, I said, what he goes is he? And I go he's all right.
And, and then Joe goes, okay. Oh, so.
You gave him your, my, my good blessing, the.
Door open. Now, if I wanna shut the door <laugh> if I wanna shut the door,
I make a call. I, I glance at him wrong.
I glance at him and you banned.
In a nutshell, uh, Manson believed that, uh,
there was going to be a race war and he wanted to incite this race
war because he had convinced his followers,
that through messages he received from the Beatles white album,
from their lyrics, from biblical, uh,
old Testament prophecies that, um,
he had been told that he was gonna be the savior of the world.
And once the race war started,
he would hide his family in a bottomless pit in the desert.
And when the race war ended with the blacks winning,
the blacks would be framed for, for murders. Um, they were, would,
the Manson family would emerge and repopulate the planet with their perfect off
offspring and dominate the blacks. Um.
This was Vince Bugliosi well, he narrative.
Or there was talk of that.
There was a philosophy of heter Skelter at the spawn ranch, where,
where they lived in 68 and 69, that Manson would discuss.
But whether or not it was the motive for the murders is,
is I raised serious questions about that in.
The book,
mans would discuss it in that way that there was going to be a race war and that
they would emerge and then their offspring.
Yeah. Yeah. Except for the fact that, um, what's question.
So the way Bui was able to convict Manson Manson
wasn't at the Tate house. When the murders happened,
he had in the official story, dispatched Susan Atkins, Patricia CRE Winkle,
Leslie Kasabian and Tex Watson to the house,
the former house of Terry Melcher. They didn't know who lived there,
but just to kill every and has Manson allegedly said,
leave something witchy.
He wanted it to look like blacks had killed these. Uh,
all he knew was they were wealthy, beautiful whites,
and he wanted to ignite the race war because if the Panthers got
blamed for these murders, then the police would crack down on them.
They'd revolt. The revolution would happen. It would be app.
It would spread across the whole world.
And then when it was over and the blacks had prevailed, they were too dumb man,
and believed to be able to run the world.
That's when he would come out with his followers of their whole and the desert
and take over the planet. Now,
BU OSI said in interviews that I didn't have until
after he and I stopped speaking,
which is when he started threatening me with lawsuits and other things in the,
in the about 2006, seven,
I discovered two or three interviews he gave in the early seventies where he was
asked you if he believed that Manson really believed this craziness.
And BOSI said, I don't think Charlie believed in it. He got his followers to,
but he never believed in that he was too smart. He was a con man.
And right there, you know what, Joe,
I don't wanna feel like I'm CVS or anything right now. But I wanna say,
we all know when it comes to Corona, there's certain things that go before,
you know, if you have Corona or you kind of feel it, right?
Your sense of smell and your sense of test. That's why Joe,
you're not gonna believe this. Right. I came up,
I came up with a one of a kind, this is a specific to me.
It's the Donnell raw show. Okay.
Now I don't know if you're familiar with a smell called black ice, black ice.
Do you know what black ice is? No. You know what black ice is? I don't.
Know. I wouldn't.
Lie to you. No, you don't really know what the black ice air freshen is. I.
Don't think so. Do.
You know what it is? You don't know. Okay. You're gonna,
I bet you you'll know this. I mean, I've all you know, for like, for a car.
All right. You know this one, you know the Royal pine air freshener, right?
Yeah. Those little cheese that the white one.
Yes. You racist this say, yo, you,
is there another color? So.
Let me, lemme just tell you right off the bat. Oh my hate. Listen,
I I'm a car freak. Right? I hate air fresheners. Right? I got,
I don't like them. Right? I wanna smell car. I wanna smell. It's not about,
I wanna smell gasoline.
And it's not your car. It's not about your car.
Like you've not been into a Cadillac, a black, a black owned Cadillac.
You never had a ride with Snoop dog or any of the hiphop dudes, right? No.
That's like in the culture, black culture, black ice is just the.
Smell. You always have to have it in your car.
If you wanna get simplicity back in the day. <laugh> you know what I'm saying?
How to smell right? Yo, yo Joe, I'm not drug. So.
It's oh my God. It's a tree though. Yeah. It's a tree. It's.
The same. It's the same thing. As a white man's air freshener. The thing it's.
The same shape.
It's the black lives. Matter of air freshen as Joe matter.
It is hilarious though. They pretend, look,
it's like a tree made outta chemicals. But.
With the woods, Joe, I don't want distract, but getting back to the candle, um,
this is the Donny rods candle. Right? And I wanna let see that. Right?
Check it out. And one of my, um, Whitney, Whitney Cumings has one.
Angela ye had one. They'll check it out. Tell me what you think. Oh,
that smells good. Um, Jamie mm-hmm <affirmative> see, you know what?
Now let me smell it, smell it. See, that's another thing. This is a, this,
this candle helps you doing Corona.
Like you burn in that count and the minute you don't smell it, go get a test.